What's up family How are you welcome
one more day to your favorite gossip channel
and if it's not your
favorite gossip channel Well I don't know what you
pay for internet but I hope you had
a spectacular and very
cool weekend but that you enjoyed
yours and well I felt like recording a
video it's been a long time since I recorded
a video like this with a script not with many
notes not with many worn notebook pages
normally lately I've been
creating content on Stream if you don't
follow me on skillful canijo and on tele salseo
Javier canijo for the kids teles
alseo for my honor Well I don't know what
you're doing paying for internet either or I mean I
really don't understand it I don't understand it
okay I wanted to make a video like this
because it seems to me that the interview that
Raquel Mosquera gave on Saturday on
Sálvame de Luke has a lot to comment on
and it deserved that I pull from the newspaper archives
and that I will explain and analyze as
fairly as possible everything that was
discussed in those approximately two
hours okay I think it was  a little more
in fact if we remove the ads
Maybe a little less the point is
that this interview has had the
peculiarity that it has raised a lot of
dust it has raised a lot of sand it has
the peculiarity that it has angered both
sides or rather it
has really angered the Pink Tide those who
are on Rocio Carrasco's side have gotten
angry with the television factory
because they say how is it possible that for
pay they are interviewing and giving a
voice to a person who has
actively contributed to the crushing of Rocio
Carrasco during all these years
poor thing no And of course now my
poor little ones from the fuchsia tide
realizing that the television factory
and Telecinco do not support Rocio Carrasco
because they believe her or because they believe that she is
an abused woman but that they support her
because they have had to buy her story
by force because they have agreed with her
in exchange for her withdrawing the
lawsuits that she and Fidel had filed against them
both against Telecinco and the
television factory and all of its
collaborators no and all this is a
business obviously the
television factory at any moment will take a
turn and we'll see where it comes out and on the
other hand also has to open
now the blue tide because the blue tide
are the opponents of Rocio Carrasco and
they are the ones who have been supporting
Raquel Mosquera during all these
months in each and every one of the
episodes that have been crushed
Because in each episode Rocio Carrasco
has been in charge of crushing a member
of her family or ex-family and the
blue tide has been supporting Raquel
Mosquera and now she feels disappointed
that Raquel Mosquera participates not
in another television program but
directly in Sálvame Or that is
the marineras or that is the way things are
this marinera there are people who are
saying that it seems fine to them that Raquel
Mosquera defends herself I also think it is
wonderful But we cannot deny
that on this occasion she is doing it for
money Raquel Mosquera has had the
way that she would have wanted to
demonstrate and to defend herself and to
deny Rocio Carrasco and to
defend yourself for example both myself and
all the colleagues at YouTube
have always offered to have her come
speak and respond to Rocio Carrasco
but we can't pay the cache that
Telecinco pays you and that thing that
Telecinco has more reach than
us is of no use to me Because if we had
done the thing here of giving Raquel
Mosquera a voice it would have been echoed by those
from 35 as well as the gossip magazines as
the press in other words it was done by the
television factory because it's the one that gave it
the money and with this I want to say to
the blue tide with this I want to say to
the blue tide that in order not to be disappointed
by people what they have to do
is not expect anything from people okay I'm already
warning you that each and every
one of the characters that have been
crushed in each episode that
Rocio Carrasco has recorded, each and every one
of them will end up sitting on
television for money absolutely everything for
sure they all have a price some
higher and others lower I think
the first to participate will be Raquel
Mosquera and then Amador
Mohedano will come next we are going to analyze
the entire interview in depth So this video  It will
probably be a little long but it will
contain a lot of newspaper archives that will
help you see everything very clearly
or at least to understand my
opinion of course you have the
comment box to debate with me and with
the entire community if you agree and
to express your opinion as long as it is
with respect the truth is that
sincerely I have to admit that
here we have seen a Raquel Mosquera
who was not at all prepared
to present herself in the lion's den she has
had the perfect opportunity to
shut them up on many
occasions but as I told you Raquel
Mosquera is not a person who is
in a condition or at least that is
what she has shown me she is not a
person who is in a condition
to defend herself and especially if you are not
prepared and especially if you have not seen
the docuseries My Daughter even if you have not
seen it okay even if you have
not seen it how do you dare to sit on Save Me to defend your position and say that you have not seen the docuseries you have looked terrible as I was saying Raquel Mosquera has had the opportunity to shut them up in  a few
occasions And to give them a
proper answer I'm going to list
a few below one when they
throw in her face that Raquel Mosquera has
vetoed collaborators which seems to me to be a
huge mistake on Raquel
Mosquera's part yes it is true that if you don't
feel comfortable with some collaborators she
can veto them it seems completely
logical to me that she vetoes Belén Rodríguez Of
course because she is a person who
is being sued for having insinuated that she
worked at night on something or other
but I can't believe
that she would veto for example José Antonio
Avilés I mean why would you veto Avilés if he can't
have less credibility than him
therefore Raquel Mosquera yes it is
true that she has looked a little bad in the
public eye for having vetoed
collaborators but it seems very funny to me
that Jorge Javier is throwing in her face that Rocío
Carrasco never vetoes collaborators that
she never vetoed anyone If you want them you
take them and if you don't leave them I don't force
anyone you are completely right but of course
when it was someone they impose There must be a reason for it to
be a man when  you protect
a person so much you have to protect yourself very
well a person never sees everything to anyone
Sorry Jorge that Rocío Carrasco
has never vetoed anyone I have to
believe it or rather I have to have an act
of faith also not only that she is an
abused woman but that she has not vetoed
anyone you will forgive me if I am
wrong but I directly do not
remember having seen sitting in any
of the debates almost Rocio Carrasco
after the docuseries any of the
people who are the opposing voices of
Rocío Carrasco How could Angela
Portero be Jesús Manuel Ruiz Kiko Matamoro
well Kiko Matamoros is now
changing his jacket a little bit it's not
that Rocío Carrasco does anyone it's that
directly you all fire everyone who has not
agreed with Rocío Carrasco and
has not bought the story
allow me to remind you of the mess
Carlota Corredera Antonio Montero got into
if Antonio Montero does not leave the set I'm
leaving because he dared to believe that
Rocío Carrasco is bad  mother or when
Miguel frigentie himself stated in a
police report that he supported Rocio Carrasco so he
could go to work more days on Sálvame, that
is to say your own collaborators
knew that they had to be on
Rocio Carrasco's side if not they would have frozen her out so you're
going to allow me to disagree a little with that
Rocio Carrasco has vetoed she
hasn't vetoed in fact I think you are the
biggest vetoers in Spain and the most
censorious as Alberto Meneses has told you
in a tweet or you should
broadcast the programs in black and white
to look like the node Jorge Javier
accusing Raquel Mosquera of
vetoing collaborators when
last week we had Rocio Carrasco
telling him Alberto you are more handsome or in
this same interview she tried to
intimidate Rosa Villacachin for tweeting I
mean no longer even give a different opinion
on her program for tweeting on her
Twitter account Rosa Villacachin on her
Twitter account she was posting things like
Jorge Javier you are abducted by Rocio
Carrasco Raquel Mosquera be careful Like
nobody  Pedro Carrasco I interviewed
Raquel Mosquera many times and Pedro
Carrasco never paid them a euro
you can say the same about
Rocio Carrasco's appearances on Telecinco I mean the
woman is not saying anything bad giving
her opinion from her freedom of expression
Jorge that is in the Constitution and
take with all his balls the guy who
is criticizing that the other one vetoes
collaborators and stops the interview to
stir this chicken Rosa Villa casting for
all the respect I have for you Enough is
enough Already
for all the respect I have because
respect is two-way you
respect me I respect you this
lady says on Twitter Rosa Villa Castil
Jorge Javier Vazquez you are abducted by
Rocio Carrasco Raquel Mosquera has
taken care of Pedro Carrasco Like nobody else Rosa
don't involve me in your stories
It seems to me that I have been
defending professionalism for many years so that
now you from your house are there with your
little finger because you are bored And with these
stories respect is two-way
respect me Rosa respect me because there are
many people who have me up to the most
absolute of the  noses and I'll keep quiet out of
politeness they've had enough of him
Alba Carrillo's mother for having reported him
also asked for his dismissal Marta ariesgo
okay also asked for his dismissal Paloma
García Pelayo to defend Rocío
Carrasco but she put him in a
nice bind on the Pepe Navarro issue we already
released a video about that thing which
many of you don't have with me and
you have no kind of respect have you
understood me have you truly understood me
for you Rosa villacastín
sometimes you should stick with that
pandemic slogan stay at home
stay at home
or is he trying to intimidate you
into not tweeting don't tweet I
love it because he was really offended
because Rosa villacachil told him that he
is being abducted by Rocío Carrasco and a few
minutes later during the interview
in one of Kiko matamoro's interventions
that at least look we had
there not a voice completely contrary
not to Rocío Carrasco but at least
someone who gives a little voice to
information that is not  completely
blinded and look what Jorge says
here like Matamoros
to you what happens is that you are abducted
well possibly I am abducted at
night cloth eh sailor cloth going back a
little with the things that Raquel Mosquera could not answer that I
already told you So
since you go and they accept the interview at
least prepared to take advantage of the fact that you
are there to shut him up and to
expose many things that cannot be
exposed and that collaborators who are
there well do not dare because they are
intimidated because it is the
job if you are there at least
answer well no so another of the
things that she could not answer in which
Raquel Mosquera affirms that they
let Rocío Carrasco's lies pass because of
the ratings there
are many lies that she does not tell the
truth Rocío Carrasco that you let them
pass only because of the ratings
the newspaper archives have shown
in many things
because of the ratings I mean it seems
stupid to me on the part of Raquel
Mosquera to say to Jorge there look at the
opportunity that she had eh pay attention to what I am
going to tell you tell Jorge that  They
support Rocio Carrasco and
allow her to lie for the sake of
ratings when
Sálvame's ratings in the last year and a half are
[ __ ] and you're going to forgive me For the
word but they are [ __ ] let's see that we have
already explained it on many
occasions they are not under a bridge
obviously but they are half of what they
were, I mean they are half the drop in
ratings if they went back I think they would
think about having negotiated
with Rocio Carrasco for the docuseries because they have
fallen or rather what it is in ratings they
have fallen it has harmed them if Raquel
Mosquera already Taking advantage of the fact that she was earning a
good amount of money you had worried about
preparing the interview well it would have
been the perfect moment to
answer Jorge Javier in the middle of Prime Time you
allow Rocio Carrasco to
lie and you pass on the lies to her because
according to the sentence that you have lost
Antonio David you insist on
out-of-court agreements with Rocio Carrasco and
Fidel in which you agreed to all this about
the docuseries in exchange for them
withdrawing you  all the lawsuits and
compensation they received
this would have been a
brutal response from Raquel
Mosquera who didn't know how to give and said a
stupid thing because by audience it is the
truth if it were by audience I think
they would go back two years there
was also a moment in which
Jorge Javier could have shut her mouth
in a brutal way at another moment when they
are mentioning the subject of
lies there is a moment in which they are
arguing about who lies more it has acted
as if it were a fight no when we all
know asides and that everyone
lies the issue is who is right
not everyone is going to fix their own and Jorge
Javier doesn't even know how to answer
when they face him and ask him to
tell him come on what lie I come on tell me
a lie that I have told many
lies innumerable lies Raquel and
in innumerable lies just like you
tell me
a lie that I have told well
come on for example about the feces about the
partition distribution something else what
lied about
that night because it is not interesting I remember it
again I remember it also
reminds me of a time that  I was doing
a debate with a liar and I caught him
lying live he was
trying to tell me that I was lying I don't know what I said I
put the documentation in his
face and he said it doesn't work it doesn't work super
lock me up remember exactly that
character No in fact it is the same type
of character the point is that they are
trying to defend a false mantra
in which Raquel Mosquera is a
liar and she has lied a lot when in
reality Raquel Mosquera will be caught out in
a couple of quite
silly contradictions and she has been caught out in some things
that are not true quite silly and
quite minor too that we will see
now okay of course I will cover
everything but they are not things that harm
the story and that prove Rocío
Carrasco right in anything the issue of the feces
that we will now discuss the issue is the
word of one against the other and there it
has not been proven under any
circumstances that one lies the other lies
here it is already an act of faith and in the matter of
the distribution of the inheritance Well here
we have a video on the main channel
with a  forensic expert I recommend that you
watch it because in that video it is quite
clear that Arraquel was done a little or it
seems that they did a little bit of the
lollipop to her, she did not come out very benefited in
that distribution and here I would have known how to
respond to Jorge Javier at the moment he
would have told me tell me a single
lie that I have told I would have
told him like 27 Like for example
last year they showed him a video in his face they showed him a
video in his face in which
Jorge Javier was messing with the
elderly these gentlemen who are about to
die
these gentlemen
no no these gentlemen who are about to
die who are about to
meet God
and Saint Peter no They could dedicate themselves to
sowing good and love before
they are taken to the cemetery
the sign of death on their faces This
video in which Jorge was messing
with his own audience who are
elderly people not the person who watches
save me mostly the public well they
are elderly people they are not they are
seniors there is nothing wrong with that like
that no but let's go anyway
even if it is not his audience no  you have to
address adults like that,
not on television in the afternoon,
meaning telling older people
that they should shut up because they are very
close to death, no, when Jorge was
accused of this video and
the tweets in which he was
criticized for it went viral Jorge Javier
started saying that this video was fake,
that it was a montage by Box, that they had
taken the video and edited it and
put other words in his mouth, I
mean literally Jorge Javier made up
that nonsense immediately after that argument
Jorge Javier starts acting
outraged and starts jumping around
the set when Raquel Mosquera
mentions that they have been giving
biased information both in the documentary and on their program,
blinded information, I mean really
Jorge haha ​​when I vote [ __ ] [ __ ]
when when there Raquel Mosquera had
the perfect opportunity to have told him
when are you going to give the news that they have
filed Rocío Carrasco's famous
complaint that she filed against Olga Moreno and
Belén Esteban for the revelation of Secreto
the final no  it was not a revelation of secrets
nor was it anything when you are going to give the news
that Olga Moreno has won the two
civil lawsuits for the right to honor
that Rocío Carrasco filed against her in her day
when you are going to give the news that
Rocío Carrasco has been charged with
alleged family abandonment and they are
asking for a year you are not a
media outlet I am not a
media outlet you are a fan club of Rocío
Carrasco I am the servants of Rocío
Carrasco you only give information blindly
everything that is negative for Rocío
Carrasco you do not treat it So it is no longer
saying that you debate it that you
try to clean it up No, it is not that you
directly ignore those issues regarding
the lies and contradictions that
Raquel Mosquera has in her story that I
already tell you that she has not done well and she
has not defended herself well and this interview
has taken away quite a bit of credibility I am
going to expose to you what I find in the
first place the fact of already participating
in an interview at the
television factory in sálvame deluxe is already  a
contradiction as such this one that you're
seeing on screen is a tweet that
Raquel Mosquera has shared on her
Twitter where she criticizes that no one collaborates
with a television production company that
denigrates women okay so Raquel
Mosquera participating in the deluxe is
collaborating with that same production company that
denigrates women and in fact with the
same presenter and with the same
program apparently Raquel Mosquera
was called for two months to
go to Sálvame and it took her
two months to go I think to
try to fatten the check here in this
video that we are going to watch we come across
another lie from Draquel Mosquera and
this can't be a mistake okay
when I entered the bedroom I found my
child lying in bed covered
immediately I called the
emergency services thinking that he could have
suffered a heart attack but that he had not
died I called my brother who was the
first relative to come my help what you
just heard was the same
roof in the statement in which Raquel
Mosquera pronounces a few words for the
death of her of her husband not Pedro
Carrasco and now let's listen to what she
said last night I found my husband I
started screaming as soon as I saw him can you imagine that she wanted to know
how I had left the
door open the neighbor came in that
she loved that person the family the
professionals the ambulance I didn't call
anyone I didn't call anyone no in one
version it says that she didn't call anyone that it
was the neighbor who called and in the
statement she said that she called the
emergency services and her brother
this is a lie in which you can't be
wrong you can be wrong about the
color of shirt you were wearing that
day but when you are remembering
facts you can't fall for lies This
is the same thing we criticize Rocio
Carrasco for when you are remembering
facts You simply have to remember
what you have lived and you tell it as it is
when you fall into contradictions because you
are lying and then the details are
not always the same then for
me another lie and also completely
unnecessary and absurd is when she tells
Jorge Javier Vazquez that she has stopped
following Raquel on Instagram because
now she is friends with Rocio Carrasco
well no  those games What's up
with me you don't
laugh on Instagram anymore
low blows I learned not only is it a
lie that could be a
completely Absurd lie it's nonsense In
fact it's not that it's super important
but it is a lie but the problem is that
then when they catch him lying and
tell him but you just made it up
no because you could have made a mistake no The
problem is that when they catch him
lying Look what he says I don't
follow you on Instagram anymore because I'm friends with
Rocío Carrasco but I've looked at my
Instagram and I follow you because you lie Oh
but I didn't tell you that's why I
told you that since you followed me you laughed at
my videos and my things don't
want to start getting nervous now
no no no no no no no you just said
let's see I told you that you
stopped following me you
know when he just said it
live or for example this other lie
with Jimmy Jiménez which is the one that touches on the
confrontation that we will now comment on and
this lie does seem a little
more serious to me because accusing a person
of having said something that they have not  said
and also so ugly Well yes, it would be quite so so it
's Raquel Sorry Because they are getting
distracted there they are at
me supposedly said that Pedro was
homosexual okay
that before our relationship that Jimmy
Jiménez Arnao had affirmed that Pedro
Carrasco was homosexual here we have an
extract from the program Hormigas Blancas
where it is supposed that Jimmy had said
that but we are also going to talk to you
later about the alleged homosexuality of
Pedro Carrasco
then they say the guy who is him then the
guy who brings Spain out of the closet it
's a lie and not only is it a lie
but now I have another extract here for you
Pedro Carrasco makes some
surprising statements in 10
minutes It is not true that Rocío is for a
man the journalist tells him about spreading
astonishing rumors about the real reason
for your separation you know what I mean
unfortunately they have reached my ears
and they have hurt me a lot people claim
that I left Rocío for a man it's
an outrage I am not involved with any
guy at the time I already explained the
reasons for our decision days
later Rocío de Clara Pedro is not
homosexual she is a man and a great
person
eye to eye to the headline eh Rocio Jurado they have
read it in another way but I love the
real title was Rocio Jurado Pedro is not
a homosexual he is a man and a great
person a man and a great person So he
is not homosexual of those eh
these rumors about Pedro Carrasco Look
Pedro was a gentleman of the sport of
Spanish sport and he was the gentleman in
life we ​​​​have always said that it coincides
when Pedro retired from boxing and the
great advance of success of this woman
especially in America and Pedro has to
swallow all the rumors he starts to
tell
like that Of course because that is how the
rumors of the maniconeo begin eh watch but Pedro
never had a homosexual relationship he had
great friends with whom in those
stages of Soledad he lived with them but
neither the friends nor he had anything to do
with homosexuality But also
the way the truth is that the
way of denying it leaves a lot to be
desired but being honest to the truth
Jimmy denies it or rather he really did not say
that now I am going to return to the subject of the
fight with Jimmy Jimenez Arnau but here
I want to make a clarification that
seems very important to me on many
occasions what is  They do it in these
programs, no, and what we've seen
throughout the entire Rocío
Carrasco documentary are manipulations and second
readings of things that may
or may not have happened, or legally
there's a sentence that means this, that
means that, but what they're looking for
is an ulterior motive, okay. For
example, what I think
is what hurts
Rosito the most about Raquel Mosquera is not how
bad Rosito may have looked with the
inheritance issue or anything like that.
What I think hurts Rosito the most about her
fight in her Crusade with
Raquel Mosquera is how bad it looks
when Raquel Mosquera tells about the fight she
had with her father, or
supposedly had with her father. He caught me
when I told you the other day, darling,
let's go, but what I didn't tell you is that
when we were leaving, he said to that son of a
[ __ ], I'll never see her again in my life.
This son of a [ __ ], I'll never see her again
in my life. This is tremendous, okay, or rather,
according to Raquel Mosquera. Her daughter is throwing
a fit for her father.  they had been a year
without speaking and when they get together at the
house according to Rosito what happens is a
Reconciliation there are many people who have
denied this now we will move on to that topic
But Raquel Mosquera what she says is
a completely regrettable thing on the
part of Rocio Carrasco and she treats her
father like a rag that puts Fidel on a
high note Not everything I have I have
thanks to this one who is here and you have to
pay homage to him and this
shameful spectacle for Rocio
Carrasco is very ashamed that it has been
told Rocio Carrasco has
even filed four lawsuits against Raquel
Mosquera for telling the same thing Okay now
we will also talk about the lawsuits against
Rocio Carrasco I think that this is the
story that hurts her the most of everything that
Raquel Mosquera has told Rocio
Carrasco wants to deny this story by any
means she uses Raquel
Mosquera's resignations she uses the contradictions and
the absurd lies that
Raquel Mosquera may have fallen into to
discredit this story that this
story well  One of you
can believe it or not, I
personally personally believe that it's true, I mean,
I believe that it's almost 100% true.
Going back to the subject of the fight that he had
with Jimmy Jimenez Arnau, the moment
that Raquel makes this accusation, there my
Jimenez Arnau Jimmy jumps on you and calls her a pig
live. The moment that
Jimmy calls Raquel Mosquera a pig,
a lady live, there we
can already see what kind of characters this is
and we can discover a little and
place ourselves in the type of program in
which we are. That's the level, there's no more. We
must remember that
Enrique del Pozo recently said
when he was fired from
Telecinco again. Because while he has been
working at Telecinco, he has kept quiet.
Enrique del Pozo has told of an episode
in which Jimmy Jimenez Arnau apparently
attacked him on a program by
Maria Teresa Campos and that both Maria
Teresa Campo and her two daughters
tried and asked Enrique del
Pozo not to report it and not to say
anything. According to Enrique, they hid an
attack by this man from Jimmy  Jimenez
Arnau just by the
way he addresses people, I mean,
I've heard him say
on many occasions, filth, kindergarten, it
seems like a torrent of journalism, okay, it
seems like a torrent, did you remember the
movie Torrent? Well, that's how this
man talks, however, when Pipi Estrada got him fired up, he
ran right there, he ran
right through the hallways. The program
forces Jimmy to apologize to
Raquel Mosquera in order to continue with
the interview and it leaks behind the
camera how Jimmy calls her again a
pig. But anyway, they continue with the
interview because Raquel doesn't understand
that, she must have found out by the time she
got home. Here too, I have to
be honest with you, okay. I have to tell the
pure truth. It seems logical to me that Raquel
Mosquera demands an apology and that she is
offended because they call her a pig. But
honestly, she
has the following on her Twitter account, okay, sick
or for something else, you dare to make fun
of overweight people, like
me. There is the tweet. There I put it for you.
Raquel search retweeted it. You
think I am.  Peggy you have seen yourself
swallow that it was I have checked and it is
true okay Raquel Mosquera has on her
Twitter account she has given it a like she has
given it to me to this tweet when you
give like on Twitter to these types
of publications it does not only
mean that you agree and that you
like it but that you share it with your
followers okay Raquel Mosquera this
same year she has been giving it a like she even
shared on her networks a tweet where they
called Pilar Vidal and in all
honesty Also apart from the fact that this
seems like a shame to me okay in all
honesty many of the people that I am
seeing on networks getting offended because they have
called Raquel Mosquera a pig in
her YouTube videos and on their
Twitter accounts they have called Pilar Vidal the
poor lady okay So if we ask for
respect for some people we are going to
ask for it for everyone does it seem to you going back to
the fight that
Rosito supposedly had with her father in
which her father left the house doing
that with the car on the road out of
disgust he got into we have to
remember that Rocío Carrasco says that
all of that was different That yes she was
wearing  a year without speaking to her father
because her father couldn't stand Fidel but
that in that meeting they reconciled
Nobody believes this
Nobody believes this because it doesn't fit with
reality and many people have come out to
deny it Like for example our friend
Paco de Narváez who has been on
this channel the Hablando
Claro channel and he has been with us on
Thursdays in our discussion group has not said
that a week before he was with Pedro
Carrasco and Pedro Carrasco didn't know
reconciled with his daughter he
denies the same thing for example journalists of the
caliber of Marisa Martín Blázquez daughter They
never made peace Pedro
tells me the following that he left there
very upset because he had a big
fight with his daughter and that he left there
very nervous very scared giving him the
feeling that it was an
irrecoverable relationship What's more I believe that what
Marisa is saying is
completely true just as I believe
what Paco de Narváez said but I'm going to
say more I'm going to show you right now an
extract from Sálvame that last night Sálvame
was  they forgot okay they got amnesia and they
forgot Alejandro Morales to dinner
with Raquel, Pedro, Nacho and Alejandro
Morales
from that time Okay so from
that time what Pedro told me
that night was the same, the same and also he did
n't dramatize it because he wouldn't stop
crying
the same okay or so according to Victor
Sandoval who has been at a dinner with
Pedro Carrasco who was there, he claims that he
told him the same thing Also I don't know if he
conveys the same thing to you as it does to me But to me
the words on this occasion of Victor
Sandoval do not convey that he is
telling the truth he is
saying it with a forcefulness that the
truth convinces me the same
and crying but you can't imagine he
asked me to tell Rocio
Carrasco something and he asked you something that I
told her and I'm not going to say it
here first out of respect for Rocio who I
also love very much in the end he
ends up telling it okay I'm going to pass it on
because in the end he does tell it
okay And what Victor Sandoval tells
here is that Pedro  Carrasco asks him that
when he meets Rocio Carrasco,
tell him to please call her
father. Okay,
I want to ask you, Pedro, he told you, he
also broke my heart,
things when we were doing the contest and I
told him and pay attention to the answer
that Rocio Carrasco supposedly gives to
Victor Sandoval.
eh,
repeat, it was unpleasant, but not only do you
take into account because I don't know
her father,
but come on, at that moment they have
forgotten about Sálvame. They could have
put it on last night, but they have found
click of all the years except This one, okay,
if there is one thing that I firmly believe is
that Rosito, both with this documentary
and with the previous one, has not done any
favors to her parents, her mother, Rocio
Jurado, or her father, Pedro Carrasco. What's
more, I think that her intention
was to leave them in a bad light, she left her mother like
a coward who allowed herself to be manipulated and
blackmailed, not only by
Ortega Cano but also by Antonio
David, and now she calls her father a
drunk and also a liar because
on several occasions she claims that her father
lied  to the press with the
adoption issue, that is, he claims that he didn't want to
have children but that he deceived Raquel
Mosquera so that she would get her
hopes up believing that they were going to adopt and I do
n't know And that they also made up stories with
the press pretending that they
were adopting children to profit, I
mean, look at you, it's like Rocio Carrasco is
telling this supposedly to
hurt Raquel because Raquel wanted to have
children and Pedro Carrasco No, but in truth she
is making her father look bad and on top of that she
makes him look like a drunk Because while
Raquel Mosquera is referring to what she was
doing like the upset not that he
left Rosito's house because
broken not from pain and so on Rocio
Carrasco claims that her father not
only drank but that Raquel Mosquera
knew what he drank And how much he
drank because she served it herself there is
a wonderful wonderful moment in
quotes okay I also want to
comment on this video and above all I
want to add a little light and open your
eyes a little because I think there are
people who did not realize in
fact when they threw
this episode in the name of Rocio because it is that really has been commented very little on what I am going to show you okay It turns out that there is a moment in which Carmen Borrego last night in a display of defense of Rocio Carrasco and putting on a medal and breaks on the set saying the following
Antonio Montero
no empathy with someone who has
sat in a television dish to
say that her daughter is responsible for
the death of her father that empathy cannot be had
this is manipulation
okay I am going to explain this manipulation
and I am going to explain it to you very well and I want you to
understand me okay
[Applause]
Carmen Borrego Just like Rocio
Carrasco in her day they affirm that when
Raquel Mosquera tells the episode of
Pedro Carrasco fighting with his daughter she
affirms that Rocio Carrasco is
responsible for the death of her father
this is a complete lie this is a
complete falsehood Raquel Mosquera does not
say that at any time what she says
is the following that I am going to put
below okay but they
confront each other again for the reasons that they
heard to do it
in such a way that you see that  you're going to
crash at any moment and a
few days later my husband died, he was on the
road doing zigzags and a few
days later he died, so Pedro Carrasco I think he
died like two weeks after he was
doing that in the car on the day of the
argument, I don't know if it was a week and a
half, ten days, I don't remember okay, but he
didn't die the day after the argument
what Raquel Mosquera is saying there is that
he was on the road being that, that's what
happened to him a lot of people it's not a matter of
drunks okay Rocio Carrasco wants to
call her father a drunk but it's not because he was
drunk he was doing feces because he
was upset and a lot of times you go
running whatever, not many
people happened no Why does Rocio Carrasco want
people to believe or does she want to claim
that Raquel Mosquera has insinuated that
because Rocio Carrasco is suing
Raquel Mosquera for that okay because she
is suing her because if Raquel
Mosquera had really said that she
could lose a lawsuit for violating
Rocio Carrasco's honor because in
some way usurping someone from the
death of a person  No. And what is
Rocio Carrasco's intention in winning those
lawsuits? Rocio Carrasco's intention in
winning those lawsuits would be to deny the
episode that Raquel Mosquera is telling. If
Raquel Mosquera lost the lawsuits,
I continued, she wouldn't say that she lost it
because of the feces. Rosito would
sell it as if she lost it because of
the whole episode, because of the whole story. You
get it.
[Applause]
There.
Lies. He arrived home and didn't
get up.
How could he have empathy, son? And why did
n't Rocio sue her?
Because she was going to sue her? I don't know if the one who
sued
her was one of her best friends, the one who
knows everything. La Borrego doesn't know if Rocio
has sued her. Who believes that? Carmen
Borrego. Of course you know if Rocio has
sued her or not. Of course she knows, beautiful.
Rocio filed four lawsuits against Raquel
Mosquera because of those statements. 4. Look,
if you know that this click that I'm
showing you on the screen belongs to a
program from La Fábrica de la Tele but
on Telemadrid.  in fact the presenter is
David valdepepera the director of sálvame
your father has hit the
hairdresser in the form of not one nor two nor
three but in the form of four lawsuits
four
Rocio Carrasco filed against her when you file
a lawsuit for the same statements
Although Raquel mosquera has made it in
four programs you file a lawsuit and you
put in the four programs and they put
the compensation that is but you file
one when you file four lawsuits it is
because you know that you are rich and she is
not and you want to suffocate financially
Because while those lawsuits are
resolved and not Raquel mosquera has to
pay the lawyer and then you
will pay the costs or don't you understand in
fact one of the things that Raquel
mosquera said in the interview yesterday is that
nothing can be seized from arrocito
because supposedly he has nothing in his name
Look if they know that there are
four lawsuits in sálvame that in its
own director has the information and
Carmen alcaide but look more that on the
telecinco website we cannot
find  this article is worth it in which it is
stated that Rosito has already lost
two of those four lawsuits two have
already been
dismissed and the other two are being
appealed and apparently Rosito is
claiming that she is an anonymous person do you
remember that Rosito requested anonymity
when she retired from television but
then lost it when she returned to
television Rosito's defense
is claiming that she is an
anonymous person to defend herself against these lawsuits and
she is going to lose it too okay
anyways also if she has already lost the
other two lawsuits that are for the
same people for the same stories she is going to
lose the other two okay look at the
information is blinded as it is look how
Sálvame wants to hide these
sentences from you prosiguito filed 4 lawsuits and
is losing them he has already lost two and
the other two are about to fall in fact to
be honest for me Raquel
Mosquera at no time insinuates that
Pedro Carrasco died because of
Rosito however one thing that is almost
not being mentioned either and I don't know
why because it seems like a scandal to me and  It
seems like a scandal that Raquel
Mosquera is sitting there after
this in the episodes of Rosito,
something similar was insinuated about Raquel
Mosquera. First of all, I think there are
too many explanations. Here she is
commenting on the statement that
Raquel Mosquera wrote and she says that she
thinks there are too many explanations for
something that was never
asked for, for something that was never asked for or
speculated on, you know, I mean, she is as she is,
as if she wants to imply an unasked-for excuse, a
clear accusation. My father
died of a heart attack and everyone
knew there was a heart attack. I think there are
too many explanations and at the very least, I find it
curious what she thinks there are
too many explanations and at the very least, she
finds it curious what do you think she is
insinuating here and especially when
minutes before she said the following: the
director of the program asks her, was an
autopsy performed on your father, was an
autopsy performed on your father, a
question that has absolutely no
preparation, okay, as if the
questions weren't already agreed upon, okay, was an
autopsy performed on your father, no,
why?
[Music]
and let the ball bounce for me here
yes they insinuated something terrible the thing is that of
course here we are talking
about the Pimpón ball no both are
making ugly accusations by the way
but you have to have balls to not bring
this up in last night's interview I mean I'm
already telling you that Raquel Mosquera
was not at all prepared and she didn't know how to get
anything out because this seems very
serious to me and look regarding the
Antonio David issue well I was already saying it
on the telesarse channel Or last night no I don't
want to go into much more
detail they want to sell a
false mantra by the nose in which in the docuseries
everything has been totally accredited
with papers I'm not going to explain to you again
that the papers that they have presented in the
docuseries do not accredit at any
time the stories or all the stories
that Rocio Carrasco tells the papers
are papers are papers and they are biased they do
n't show you all the papers and the
papers do not prove what she wants them to
prove okay I'll explain it better
in this clip that I'm going to put
below when you normally make
a documentary or want to put something tell
something well normally  show papers that
show evidence okay but evidence
is evidence that you apply it and they
come to the conclusion that you are not
lying No when you are a victim
Well you don't need that much you have to
present papers for them to say
yes yes Look, she has presented papers with what she did was she
sat down okay First of all
with an agreement that many people
know no but with an agreement with the
television factory in which they took
away her lawsuits and
compensations in exchange for
papers so that we put the documentary let's
not make a documentary you can
bring papers to fill out this
documentary papers papers for the
documentary Yes right now look how much
paper a bunch of papers papers and
another paper the same Look, both of them are the same
so you can see that it is not a lie the
same version always woman victim of
gender violence who has presented
papers someone someone denies it has
presented papers literally
of her children telling their version
after she was that speaking badly of
him made a suicide attempt in which
she discharges herself because of
escape it
is not true with all the nationality
in the world and the first thing they answer you
but she has presented papers let's go is
that  after all the papers that she has
presented it is that you do not have eyes in your
face literally and on the subject that they
are throwing in Raquel Mosquera's face
that if she gets along she does not get along with Antonia
vi I will go into more depth in another
video and on telesaleo too but I wanted to
comment on this one simply four
sentences okay one rejected referring to
Rocío Flores a therapy so that mother
and daughter get closer in positions okay and they
blame Antonio Abi that Antonio
David rejected this no Antonio Naviera to the
father and he had to
adjust his face no and start signing the
decisions of the minor no the minor did not
want to talk to the mother under any
circumstances no and this is being sold as if
Rocío Carrasco had wanted to
get closer with her daughter but that her
daughter and her father refused no I have to
explain this more in depth on
telesaleseo but point number one
included a boarding school okay that proposal
included that Rocío Flores went to an
internship and that there she would do some
therapies and that from time to time they would
meet with the mother okay
evidently they rejected it and two
apparently accepting those therapies would be
admitting the  crime So if you are
fighting in a lawsuit and you believe
that the other party is not right
and that you are not to blame for
the events, then you are not going to admit to
crimes, not two, the documentary is
available to everyone, the documentary is
not available to everyone, you
have made it pay-per-view on my Plus TV, I
just posted a tweet in fact
complaining because when I had to go
in now to check some things
that Rocio Carrasco said, I found that you have made
the documentaries pay-per-view
and on top of that they are
pay-per-view on my Plus TV, you get
advertising, which is something that I
understand When you pay, you shouldn't get
ads. But anyway, it turns out
that the children have been placed on the
front page for years, that is, this was
taught to Rocío Carrasco by Antonio David, it's
the same, puppy Carrasco and Jorge
Javier claims that Antonio David has
used them to psychologically abuse
the mother,
up to here the slander of Jorge Javier
that will surely be included in the
lawsuits that come against him and since he is a
millionaire, he doesn't care and continues to disrespect the
honor of  an innocent man okay
family I'm going to leave the video here
I hope that
my reflections are quite clear to you I spend many
hours really I spend many hours
this afternoon analyzing everything compiling
things so that you have them So I
ask you please at least give it a
like okay at least give it a like
to the video that is completely free a
huge kiss and we'll see you in the next
video if you support this one well surely it
will be very soon
Goodbye family
[Music]